<!DOCTYPE html>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
<head>
<link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" href="" />
<style type="text/css">
h1 {font-size:20;}
body b i {color:green;}
p.s1{color:red;font-size:2em;}
.s2{bgcolor="blue";font-size:+190%;float:right;color:red;}
#id1{font-style:italic;}
*{color:cyan;}
a:link {color:magenta;}
a:visited {color:red;}
input:hover{font-size:20;}
input:focus{color:pink;}
</style>
</head>
<body>
<h1>WEB PROGRAMMING</h1>
<p>
<b><u><i style="color:red;">HTML</i></u></b></p>
<p class="s2">
<table class="s2" border="3">
<tr><td>jfdls</td><td>jjlkjl</td><td>jfdlsipiopipipipip</td></tr>
</table>
<a href="form.html">hello</a>
sksfslkfjls fls flskfj lksdfjlks lksdfjlks lksdfjlks lksdfjlks lksdfjlks lksdfjlks v
Click to open Notepad. 

Click the File menu, and then click Print.

Click the General tab, select the printer and options you want, and then click Print.

Tip
To change the settings that determine how your printed document will look, click the File menu, and then click Page Setup.

Show contentHide content How do I insert the time and date in a document?
Click to open Notepad. 

Click the location in the document where you want to add the time and date.

Click the Edit menu, and then click Time/Date.

Show contentHide content How do I find and replace specific characters or words?
To find specific characters or words
Click to open Notepad. 

Click the Edit menu, and then click Find.

In the Find what box, type the characters or words you want to find.

Under Direction, click Up to search from the current cursor position to the top of the document, or click Down to search from the cursor position to the bottom of the document.

Click Find Next.

To replace specific characters or words
Click to open Notepad. 

Click the Edit menu, and then click Replace.

In the Find what box, type the characters or words you want to find.

In the Replace with box, type the replacement text.

Click Find Next, and then click Replace.

To replace all instances of the text, click Replace All.

Tip
To find or replace only text that matches the use of uppercase and lowercase characters specified in the Find what box, select the Match case check box.

Show contentHide content The text in my document runs off the right edge of the screen. How can I see all of my text without scrolling?
Click to open Notepad. 


The Go To command isn't available when word wrapping is enabled. To turn word wrapping off, click the Format menu, and then click Word Wrap.

</p>



<h4 id="id1">flsfjlsj</h4>
<form>
<input type="text" name="t1" />
</form>
</body>
</html>

