<!DOCTYPE html>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
<!--
On ordered lists - list-style-type can be used to change the sequence values
Property value	Sequence type	First four 
Decimal	Arabic numerals	1, 2, 3, 4
upper-alpha	Uc letters	A, B, C, D
lower-alpha	Lc letters	a, b, c, d
upper-roman	Uc Roman	I, II, III, IV
lower-roman	Lc Roman	i, ii, iii, iv

on unordered list - circle, disc, square/ any other images
-->
<head>
<!-- document level:-->
<style type="text/css">
ol {list-style-type:upper-roman;}
ol ol {list-style-type:upper-alpha;}
ol ol ol {list-style-type:decimal;}

ul {list-style-type:square;}
ul ul {list-style-type:circle;}
ul ul ul {list-style-image:url(icon.png);}

.apply {
background-color:pink;
color:red;
border-style:dotted;
border-color:black;
border-width:4px;
margin:0.5in;  
padding-top:0.5in;
}
</style>
</head>

<body>
<ol>
<li> Level 1
	<ol> 
	<li> Level 2
		<ol> 
		<li> Level 3 </li>
		</ol>
	</li>
	</ol>
</li>
</ol>

<ul>
<li>ul-Level 1
	<ul>
	<li>ul- Level 2
		<ul style="list-style-image:url(icon.png);">
			<li> ul - Level 3</li>
			<li> ul- level 3-1</li>
			<li> ul- level 3-2</li>
		</ul>
	</li>
	</ul>
</li>
</ul>

<!-- BORDER PROPERTY -->
<p style="border-style:dotted;
border-bottom-style:dashed;
border-left-style:double; 
border-top-width:6px;
border-left-color:red;
border-right-color:blue;">
This document is dedicated to the countless lost hours of both people having to search for simple answers, and people having to answer questions that shouldn't have to be asked in the first place. Documentation is always hard to get, good documentation nearly impossible.

This markup is based in the default appearance of Microsoft Windows. This can be different on your own system, but the names (text) should always the same. This is especially important on the screenshots. They are only for reference, your appearance of Notepad++ can be quite different.

All the images used in this helpfile assume the default settings. If you change any of these settings, you'll have to look for the other image instead, this is most noticeable with the toolbar (the position of images will always remain the same).

Also, when talking about the left and right mouse buttons, the logical left and right is meant. These are the same as the physical left and right mouse buttons in the case of a right-handed setup. However, if you have a left-handed setup you will probably have the buttons swapped so act accordingly. This means in general you do what you normally do for most actions, Notepad++ mostly follows the standard Windows application behavior.

Likewise, the layout is discussed as it is displayed in a left-to-right order. On right-to-left systems (such as Hebrew) translated versions of Notepad++ can have the display order reversed, adjust accordingly as well.

This helpfile uses some markup to distinguish certain interface elements or interaction.
</p>
<p class="apply">
After a search inside a file, you can select Search->Find Next or Search->Find Previous to search for this query again. This allows you to quickly perform the same search multiple times without the need for any further input.

Likewise, you can use Search->Go to Next found result or Search->Go to Previous found result to navigate through results shown on the Search result window

Volatile search
Volatile search consists in searching for a word under the caret without the need to open the search dialog box. This has two flavours.
</p>
<h3 class="apply"> GOOD DAY</h3>

</body>
</html>


		